Querytee: Add metric to measure relative backend latency (#7782)
grafana/mimir: docs/sources/mimir/manage/tools/query-tee.md

cortex_querytee_responses_compared_total{route="<route>",result="<success|fail>"}
```

> Additionally, if backend results comparison is configured, two native-histograms are available:

Reviewer: [nit] No hyphen required

```suggestion
Additionally, if backend results comparison is configured, two native histograms are available:
```

> * `cortex_querytee_backend_request_relative_duration_seconds`: Time (in seconds) of preferred backend less secondary backend.

Reviewer 2: Maybe rephrase to make it clear that it's the difference between the two?

```suggestion
* `cortex_querytee_backend_request_relative_duration_seconds`: The difference of time, in seconds, between the preferred backend request duration and the secondary backend request duration.
```

Author: This is copied from the help string of the new metric where the description is consistent with other metrics.

> * `cortex_querytee_backend_request_relative_duration_proportional`: Response time of preferred backend, as a proportion of secondary backend response time.

Reviewer 2: Should it be request rather than response given the metric name?

```suggestion
* `cortex_querytee_backend_request_relative_duration_proportional`: The request duration of the preferred backend as a proportion of secondary backend request duration.
```

Author: This should be response time. I've updated the metric names to be clearer.
